MB-1324 Add project overview to README (#3490)
transcom/mymove: README.md

<!-- tocstop -->

## Overview

MilMove is a system to help service members (and other authorized personnel) move their gear and possessions from one place to another.

> There are three React apps that compose the front end of the system:

Reviewer: You also want to talk about the mTLS apps: orders, contractors, gex, dps.

Author: Done.  Thanks to Erin for providing info, but please see if I got the translation right.

my.move.mil (my.staging.move.mil): For the people moving.

office.move.mil (office.staging.move.mil): For move managers (see [historical note](#historical-note)) to review/approve/reject moves and payments.

admin.move.mil (admin.staging.move.mil): For administrators to create new office.move.mil users and grant permissions for various office roles.

These React apps are backed by a Postgres database, which we interact with using a back-end written in Go, with an ORM called Pop.

We use Swagger to tie the front and back ends together. The Swagger code is found in `*.yaml` files and describes the endpoints and payloads of the API.

Go boilerplate code is generated from the Swagger files using a library called `go-swagger`. That code is automatically updated when a Swagger file is changed. These generated files are in `/pkg/gen`.

Swagger has interactive documentation for users of the API, which allows us to test endpoints from within [the doc itself](#setup-milmovelocal-client).

Swagger also has a JS client that generates a set of API functions that are hooked into the React apps giving them easier access to the data.

> ### The APIs

Reviewer: I wouldn't really say these are APIs. They are applications just like the above, only they don't have a UI. I think you add confusion if you say "The APIs" and fail to mention the internal API or the admin API. Perhaps I'd not distinguish between UIs and APIs this way. A better distinction is probably TLS vs mTLS applications.

Author: Thanks.  Made it TLS and Mutual TLS apps.

In addition to the front end interfaces, MilMove comprises a set of APIs that work over Mutual TLS:

> `Contractors`: The API "the Prime" will use to communicate with the system. When the Prime needs information about a move (e.g., when is it scheduled?) or needs to update information about a move (e.g., what was the total weight of items moved?), it will use the `Contractors` API. As of this writing, this API is described in `prime.yaml`, but expect that name to change.

Reviewer: The contracts don't really use the word "Prime" and references to it are going to be removed from the codebase soon. So perhaps we just say "GHC"? Maybe @tinyels can weigh in there.

Author: Removed mention of "The Prime"

> `Orders`: People moving receive orders to move, which include information about the destination as well as authorizations for various kinds of storage, conveyance, per diem allowances, and many more details. Currently that's all transmitted via the Orders API in a PDF and has to be entered manually. Eventually the Orders API will allow all those details to be transmitted electronically.

Reviewer: This is slightly wrong.

```suggestion
`Orders`: People moving receive orders to move, which include information about the destination as well as authorizations for various kinds of storage, conveyance, per diem allowances, and many more details. Currently Orders information is entered into the system manually by office personnel from a PDF. However, the Orders API is receiving that data directly from the services and eventually that data will be used as the source of truth. That process is called "Orders Ingestion". The process of getting that data into the system for use with moves is called "Orders Integration".
```
